Added use-cases (#27)
kubescape/kubescape.io: docs/use_cases/ci-security-gates.md

#### **Scenario**

> Acme Corporation is a SaaS company providing financial services to clients worldwide. With the rise of cybersecurity threats, they must ensure that their Kubernetes clusters, including manifests, Helm charts, and container images, comply with industry security standards and best practices. The development team employs a DevOps approach and uses both direct commits and pull requests to manage changes in their infrastructure-as-code (IaC) repositories.

Author: ```suggestion
Acme Corporation is a SaaS company providing financial services to clients worldwide. With the rise of cybersecurity threats, they must ensure that their Kubernetes clusters, including manifests, Helm charts, and container images, comply with industry security standards and best practices. The development team employs a DevOps approach and uses both direct commits and pull requests to manage changes in their Kubernetes manifest repositories.
```

* To integrate automated security scanning into the CI/CD pipeline.
* To provide automatic fixes and suggestions for security issues before they are merged into the production codebase.

### Scanning Kubernetes Manifests and Helm Charts

Acme uses Kubescape to scan Kubernetes manifests and Helm charts stored in their version-controlled repositories. Whenever a developer pushes changes, Kubescape runs as part of the CI process and scans the YAML files for misconfigurations and non-compliance against industry standards such as the NSA-CISA, MITRE ATT&CK, and custom Acme policies.

#### Action Points

* Integrate Kubescape scanning into the CI pipeline.
* Configure Kubescape to scan all YAML files upon each commit.

### Automatically Suggest Fixes for Pull Requests

For changes submitted through pull requests, Kubescape checks the proposed infrastructure changes and automatically suggests fixes for any identified issues. These suggestions appear as comments within the pull request, guiding developers to resolve the issues before merging.

#### Action Points

* Set up Kubescape to comment on pull requests with specific instructions for remediation.

> * Ensure that the Kubescape suggestions are clear and actionable.

Author: Which part are you referring to?

### Scanning Container Images

Acme uses Kubescape to scan container images for vulnerabilities and misconfigurations as part of their CI pipeline. This ensures that only secure and compliant images are used in their Kubernetes environments.

#### Action Points

* Integrate Kubescape with the container registry to scan new images upon push.
* Prevent non-compliant images from being deployed to production environments.

### Scan Specific File Paths

To optimize scanning and avoid unnecessary checks, Acme configures Kubescape to focus on specific file paths where Kubernetes manifests and Helm charts are stored, avoiding any unrelated directories in the repositories.

#### Action Points

* Set up Kubescape to include and exclude specific directories during the scan.
* Maintain a structured and well-documented repository layout to facilitate targeted scanning.

### Scan Against Specific Frameworks

Acme has customized security frameworks that align with their organizational policies. They configure Kubescape to scan against these specific frameworks in addition to standard frameworks, ensuring both external and internal compliance requirements are met.

> #### Action Points

Author: Decided to remove this part since it's ARMO's feature (customized FWs)

#### **Scenario**

Acme Corporation is a SaaS company providing financial services to clients worldwide. With the rise of cybersecurity threats, they must ensure that their Kubernetes clusters, including manifests, Helm charts, and container images, comply with industry security standards and best practices. The development team employs a DevOps approach and uses both direct commits and pull requests to manage changes in their Kubernetes manifest repositories.

> 

Reviewer: Same comment here as with the ArgoCD piece, the wording is too specific
